Hey, the videos you see on the screen
were generated with cloud code using the
remote skill. And I'm aware that this
skill has been around for a while now.
But I'm also noticing that the most
majority of people are using it in a way
that is inefficient, which costs them
time and also prevents them from getting
the outcome that they desire. And so in
this video, I want to share with you a
workflow that's going to help you
overcome that inefficiency. And so if
that sounds good, let's dive right in.
Before we begin to understand the
effectiveness of the workflow I'm about
to share better, we are going to borrow
a concept from the AI video generation
space. Now, if you have any experience
generating videos, you probably already
know the methods in which we can
generate videos with, right? For
instance, you can generate a video from
text or directly from image. And if you
have any experience in generating
videos, you know that it is far better
to use image to video because you have
much more control over how your videos
look and your videos are only going to
be as good as the image you provide to
it. Right? In the case where you
generate videos from text, first of all,
gives you much less control and the
reiteration process is going to take
much longer and also cost you more
money. And when I say that people are
using remotion in a way that is
inefficient, I mean that they're
basically doing the remotion equivalent
of generating videos from text. And the
workflow I'm going to share with you is
basically generating videos from images.
And that is what we are going to be
looking at today. The way it works is
usually people straight away go to cloud
code, tell it to generate the animation
that they want to see, right? But in
today's video, I'm going to share with
you how you can basically pass cloud
code and image that it can then derive
the animation from. And it's very
simple. The way I'm going to demonstrate
this is by animating this diagram here
that shows the popularity of cloud code
across time. And so what I'm going to do
first is I'm just going to take a
screenshot of this page. All right? Like
this.
And then instead of directly going to
claude code, what we're going to first
do is we're going to head to uh cloud
desktop app and then pass it the
screenshot. And as I said, we're going
to first be generating an image. And the
image equivalent in remotion is
basically a still HTML. So I'm going to
say something like please
beautiful. I'm going to say beautiful
because I'm not a design person. I'll
just tell it uh what I want it to look
like and I'll just leave it up to cloud
to basically design it for me. Right?
Please reconstruct this diagram of the
popularity of cloud code in a way that
is beautiful in HTML and I'm going to
click on enter. So what's going to
happen now is Claude is going to start
generating the HTML reconstruction of
the diagram that we gave it. Let's just
wait and see what it ends up with. Okay,
so this is the HTML that it generated
for us. And you can see that it is
definitely beautiful, but there is a
mistake. I can already spot at a glance.
You can see that it has two dots instead
of one. So, I'm going to tell it to
actually fix that. Could you please
remove the duplicate circle that is
overing? Wait,
duplicate circle
hovering at 98.
Okay, so it actually misunderstood what
I told it. Instead of removing the one
that is peing at 98, it removed the one
at the edge. So, I'm going to say you
removed
the wrong circle.
Please
add the one you remove and remove the
one you kept.
This should hopefully make the changes
we wanted to. All right, let's see if it
was able to actually do that. And you
can see that yes, it was able to do
exactly what we told it to. And in this
case, you can already see that just from
telling it to generate a still HTML
alone, we had to reiterate over it
twice. And that was for this very simple
change. So the only thing we'll have to
do now is basically just go over to CL
the HTML code that it generated. And
next, go to cloud code and tell it to
generate the animation the way we want
it to. All right. So now I'm in my code
editor. And I'm going to treat this by
assuming that you don't already have
Remotion set up so that you can follow
along and set it up with me if you
haven't already. And for those of you
who don't already have Cloud Code set up
on their machine, you can go and check
this video I just made recently where I
show you how to do just that. But now
let's continue with the video. So
currently I don't even have a folder
created. And we will need to create one.
And for that I'm going to click on open
folder.
And then I'm going to say new here and
then name it remotion.
Go into this folder and then click on
select folder so that we can open our
code editor within that folder. And to
show to demonstrate how simple it is
nowadays to do anything, I'm going to
show you how I'm able to start from
scratch and with a single prompt have
everything I need in place and ready to
go. So what I'm going to do is I'm going
to take this cloud code window
if I can like that. Okay. And I'm going
to tell it
let me first put it in bypass
permissions. Hi, could you please
uh clone the clone the remote repository
and also install
the remote skills along with it and then
provide me with the exact command that I
have to run in the terminal to open it.
Okay. And I just click on enter and
wait. So in just 2 minutes it was able
to do exactly what I told it to. And you
can see it says the remote hello world
template has been cloned and
dependencies installed. The remote skill
is also loaded. To open remotion studio
run this command in your terminal. Like
at this point there is no scarcity of
knowledge and how how to do things. It's
basically just being able to imagine
stuff right and I just wanted to show
you guys demonstrate how simple it is
now for you to do technical things. You
don't have to be a technical person. But
yeah, I'm uh digressing here. I'm just
instead going to go to my terminal,
create one, and then go here and type
exactly the command that it gave us.
Okay.
All right. So, the command didn't work
here. And I actually know how to fix
this, but I'm going to put myself in the
shoes of those of you who don't know
what to do here and uh try to act from
your perspective. So instead of this,
what I'm going to say is I just ran
this. I ran this command in my VS code
terminal and got this error. Okay, I'm
saying VS Code terminal because I'm
inside my my uh code editor which is VS
Code. Okay, so you're using PowerShell
which doesn't support NN run the two
commands separately. So instead this
time we're going to click on cd. this
this will navigate us to this particular
directory and then we are going to run
npm start. This time we have we got
another error and what I'm going to do
is I'm just going to share with it the
exact error that we got here and I'm
guessing that it has to be npm run start
instead of npm start. Oh, it's npm
rundev. Okay, makes sense. And this time
running this command should hopefully
fix our problem. And once we have this,
it means we have remote set up. And you
can see that it automatically opened a
browser at this particular port. And the
next thing we're going to do is we're
just going to go ahead and copy the HTML
we already created here. Create an and
then and then create a new cloud code
instance. And before I paste the HTML,
I'm going to say could you please
and then I'm just going to paste in the
HTML. And then now we should hopefully
get an animation ready in just a few
minutes. All right. So it is saying that
it is done generating the animation.
Let's take a look at how it turned out.
All right. So I'm actually very happy
with the way this turned out. And when
you compare it with the HTML that we
gave it, you can see that it is actually
very accurate because it already had the
exact raw material that it needed to
derive this entire animation from. And
this is a very good example of the
control we have over animations that we
can generate with cloud code using the
remotion skill by using this workflow
where we provide it with a still HTML
that it can start from. And again as I
also mentioned earlier we can take this
a step further by providing it a first
still HTML frame and an end still HTML
frame. In this case, however, we just
used a reference HTML still and it still
worked great. But yeah, that's about it
with the video. I hope you enjoyed it
and more importantly found it helpful. I
also want to let you know that I have a
school community where I teach you how
to become a top 1% AI user. So, if you
are interested in AI, definitely check
it out. I hope to see you in. But with
that said, I'll see you in the next
video. Have a great day.